Add tip about minimum required Deployment permissions to run astro deploy (#3844)
astronomer/docs: astro/customize-deployment-roles.md

5. In the **Permissions** table, check the boxes of all permissions that you want the new role to have. See [Deployment role permission reference](deployment-role-reference.md) for more information about each available permission.

    Use the dropdown menu above the permissions table to automatically load the permissions of a templated role or an existing custom role as the basis for your new role. See [Deployment role templates](#deployment-role-templates) for more information about the available default templates.

    :::tip Custom Deployment role permissions

>     To deploy with the Astro CLI when using a Deployment API token and a custom Deployment role, the minimum required permissions are [`deployment.get`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment) and [`deployment.deploys.create`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment-deploys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To deploy with the Astro CLI when using a Deployment API token with a custom Deployment role, the minimum required permissions for the token's Deployment role are [`deployment.get`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment) and [`deployment.deploys.create`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment-deploys).
```

>     To deploy with the Astro CLI when using a Deployment API token and a custom Deployment role, the minimum required permissions are [`deployment.get`](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/api/platform-api-reference/deployment/get-deployment) and [`deployment.deploys.create`](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/api/platform-api-reference/deploy/create-deploy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To deploy with the Astro CLI when using a Deployment API token and a custom Deployment role, the minimum required permissions are [`deployment.get`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment) and [`deployment.deploys.create`](deployment-role-reference.md#deployment-deploys).
```
